README.md, before:

Deux Mains Shopify Template
---------------------------

Based on Shopify’s [Skeleton](https://github.com/Shopify/skeleton-theme) theme.
And by “based on,” I mean completely gutted and minimalized.

This theme favors simplicity over configuration. It requires the use of
[metafields.fields2](https://apps.shopify.com/metafields.fields2), and has virtually no global
settings but has product-specific settings. It uses [MVCSS](http://mvcss.io/), a
scalable CSS paradigm of Base Element → Modifiers → Scaffolding that employs
single-responsibility, class-only, and (virtually) no-nesting philosophies. The
JavaScript is just, uh, jQuery.

### Installation

Requires [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/)

```
npm install --save-dev gulp-autoprefixer gulp-minify-css gulp-rename gulp-sass gulp-uglify gulp-zip
```

### Developing

Just run
```
gulp
````
when working to compile the necessary CSS / JS files.

If you don’t want to use the *.zip method it generates, delete the pertinent
lines in `gulpfile.js` and implement your own method.

The way that Shopify’s asset pipeline & liquid templates are so deeply embedded
into its system, unfortunately there’s not a way to truly develop locally. I
originally had an easy-to-use [Middleman](https://middlemanapp.com/) app, but
had to toss it because Shopify requires so much liquid templating the two became
too divergent to be helpful (but I’d still recommend starting with Middleman
anyway, until it comes time to port to Shopify).

Gulp is included to take advantage of
[autoprefixer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-autoprefixer) as well as JS
uglification. These are too good to just ditch, and isn’t worth bloating
stylesheets with unnecessary prefixes.

### How Do I…

Read the [wiki](https://github.com/deux-mains/deux-mains-shopify/wiki).

Commit message:

Add line about zip file

README.md, after:

Deux Mains Shopify Template
---------------------------

Based on Shopify’s [Skeleton](https://github.com/Shopify/skeleton-theme) theme.
And by “based on,” I mean completely gutted and minimalized.

This theme favors simplicity over configuration. It requires the use of
[metafields.fields2](https://apps.shopify.com/metafields.fields2), and has virtually no global
settings but has product-specific settings. It uses [MVCSS](http://mvcss.io/), a
scalable CSS paradigm of Base Element → Modifiers → Scaffolding that employs
single-responsibility, class-only, and (virtually) no-nesting philosophies. The
JavaScript is just, uh, jQuery.

### Installation

Requires [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/)

```
npm install --save-dev gulp-autoprefixer gulp-minify-css gulp-rename gulp-sass gulp-uglify gulp-zip
```

### Developing

Just run
```
gulp
````
when working to compile the necessary CSS / JS files. It’ll also spit out a `.zip`
file automatically to upload to Shopify.

If you don’t want to use the *.zip method it generates, delete the pertinent
lines in `gulpfile.js` and implement your own method.

The way that Shopify’s asset pipeline & liquid templates are so deeply embedded
into its system, unfortunately there’s not a way to truly develop locally. I
originally had an easy-to-use [Middleman](https://middlemanapp.com/) static site, but
tossed it because it turned out to be too much micro-management converting `.liquid`
to pure `.erb` and vice-versa (but I’d still recommend starting with Middleman
anyway, until it comes time to port to Shopify).

Gulp is included to take advantage of
[autoprefixer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-autoprefixer) as well as JS
uglification. These are too good to just ditch, and isn’t worth bloating
stylesheets with unnecessary prefixes.

### How Do I…

Read the [wiki](https://github.com/deux-mains/deux-mains-shopify/wiki).
